Oh dear… That was quite the ruckus you made back there, brief one.
Who's there?
Don't be so dry boned, sweet-berry. 
We're animals of equal circumstance after all!
...
Colorful things don't belong in the pits of darkness. 
Come along! Let’s get you out of here.
My oh, my… Aren’t you as cute as a button!
Ah, a dark wizard.
If that tickles your fancy.
I prefer “magician"—that term is not as sour.
Well, ominous magician, what is it that you want 
now that you’ve got me indebted? My soul?
So dramatic you star folk… All I desire is to extend 
an offer to you, my little moscatell.
Oh?
“Oh” indeed. 
As you might be able to see, my power has been
greatly limited given this… barren environment.
I thought it might’ve been the cuffs.
Those too, but—! What I need is a like-minded friend who
may carry my will onto its completion.
So a thrall. No, thank you, I’m done with that.
Sour! So sour! 
A companion, a partner… a spring to my step!
I can hardly make use of my strength under these circumstances
dear, and wine turns to vinegar eventually.
You’ll give it to me?
Not quite. Your king has made sure to squeeze 
me dry for the most part, but magic lies 
dormant within all. 
And you, my friend, seem positively throbbing with potential.
I am uncomfortable.
Do pardon my forwardness, but it would be to your benefit.
It seems to me that there’s plenty of cause for our joint effort.
Which effort?
Of bringing down this vile vine of rotten fruit 
you call a kingdom, of course. Or is that too 
great of an objective? Do you still hold your 
loyalty, perhaps? Did I misjudge the situation? 
You take me a revolutionary?
I take you a seeker of retribution. 
I can give you the power to strike down your 
assailants, one you can harness to—
To make them pay.
So we do speak the same tongue. 
Is it a deal, then? Do we make it official?
I guess I'll take the bait.
Grand! Come now, let us begin at once.
Hmm... I see. Your soul is curiously aligned.
… And that means?
The unripe magic you hold answers 
to an unusual element. Pray tell 
sweet-berry, what are your 
thoughts on cheese?
Good, simple… With a scent 
that doesn't lie. Food for all.
Never thought it held so much 
importance to my character, though.
Souls are unique little things
and yours (apart from cheesy)
is crooked in a… Frightening way. 
Well, I've been tossed and 
twisted all my life. What can I say?
What you intend to do, my friend, will be 
giving out a fate worse than any death.
What I do won't matter if 
I hold my end of the deal, right?
My, how dark.
How sour.
Aren’t you a cheeky one. Very well…
Now! You'll only feel the worst pain 
imaginable for an instant. In three, two —
Wait, what—
One! Hold still!
There! You did so well!
I… I have become a desimbodied voice.
Now, now, no time for fooling around, dear.
Your magic is like an infant right 
now, you ought to nourish it!
And… How do I do that?
Well, I did see a ginormous (and I'm not being generous)
wheel of cheese being carried around 
some part of this dungeon. A bit unsanitary in 
my opinion, but it might be a good start!
Right, I will find it and uh— 
Guess I'll come up with something.
Fabulous! Ah, and do be careful, we might 
have woken all the folks down 
here with all the screaming~ 
Ta-ta!
+